You're late!
It's you who are late!
Do I know you?
Why do you say like that?
You lose again!
What do I lose?
Last time you told me that I was a loser.
Because you showed up yourself who you are.
Oh, I see.
You mean the stranger game, meeting and greeting like we don't know each other, right?
Yes.
The loser is the one who reveals yourself or acts like knowing another person.
The loser has to do whatever the winner requests.
Okay!
I admit that I'm a loser now.
What do you want me to do, the winner?
I will tell you later.
Okay, it's up to you.
Anyway, why do you want me to come here?
I'll tell you later!
Just kidding! Come with me.
Why don't you say hello to my dad?
Hi, dad!
Like this?
Every time when I feel happy, I'll come here.
Does your father know that you come to visit him?
I don't know.
Have you ever heard that the one who passed away within 99 days can feel the happiness.
Mork...
Yes?
Let's have the swimming competition.
What's the winner's reward?
The winner can do anything with the loser.
I'm a winner!!
Every swimming competition with you, I always be a loser.
For swimming competition next time, I'll let you swim first and I follow.
Come here.
Let me wipe your hair.
Is this the consolation prize for the loser?
Please don't say like that.
As a loser, what do I have to do for you?
What should I do?
What're you doing?
I just want to know how smell the loser is.
I'm not okay from what you're going to do.
If you're not satisfied, punch me!
I'm leaving now.
What's happen?
I don't know what to say.
Forget it!
How can I help you?
I'm so tired. I'm going to bed now.
I'm so sorry for what I did last night.
Pardon?
It's about...
Let's change the topic.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Yes.
You like this place, don't  you?
Sure.
Mork...
Once you graduate from your high school, will you continue your study here with me?
I'm not sure.
If I see you often,
I'm afraid you're bored with me.
You're annoying me!
I'm just kidding!
You want me to force you, don't you?
Please forgive me, P' Tiew.
You're just a baby boy.
Mork...
Let's have a trip to Chiang Dao on the day after tomorrow.
Hmm...
You promise me, don't you?
Okay.
Let's go.
Welcome. What would you like to order, please?
May I have your order?
Food or drinks?
Expresso, please.
Drink here or take away, sir.
Here, please.
Please wait for a moment.
Excuse me, expresso is ready to serve.
Thank you.
You ground coffee finely.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, I ground it.
How about...
Please receive your call.
Thank you, sir.
If you need anything, please let me know.
Hello, what's up?
You seem happy.
Yes, I'm very happy.
Ai P' Tiew invited me to the trip.
Where will P' Tiew invite you to go to?
Chiang Dao on the day after tomorrow.
Will you join him?
Yes, of course.
I would love to join this trip.
I have to hang up your call. The customer is waiting to order.
Okay.
Talk to you later, bye.
Can I help you?
You're the part-time staff who just came yesterday, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Are you a regular customer?
Please feel free to provide your feedback.
Coffee beans from the same species and from the same coffee plant
but with different coffee grind methods,
will make the taste different.
If you mix them,
the taste is not as good as expected.
Baristas who mix them are not sincere to the customers.
If you want to be the real one, don't mess up and do the right thing.
Do you agree with me, Mork?
What do you think?
Who are you?
I'm not only trusting but also wondering.
Pardon?
I'm monitoring,
and controlling.
I'm taking care of this cafe.
I'm the one who let you work here.
Oh, Sawasdee krub (Hello).
I'm sorry that I don't know you. Please forgive me.
You don't need to apologize. Actions speak louder than words. Do your best as you can.
Are you satisfied with my coffee? If not, please let me try again.
I won't disappoint you again.
It's not so bad.
Thank you.
Why do you call my name....
I think you have to do your job now. It's time to close the cafe.
Yes, sir.
Please take your time.
Thank you, sir.
Are you going to sleep?
Yes, I'm.
There is something I need to think about.
Wait...
What happened last night?
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---